It's the 12th of June, I'm Stephanie Cruz of Ellen Lynx and I'm here today in Raider
talking to Mawver Shaw and to Jill Willie. Mawver, just for reference, in which year
were you born? 1938. And Jill? 1951. Thank you. Mawver, can you tell me a little bit
about your family and how you came to be in Raider where you were born? I was born and
I was born and raised in Raider at number nine in the gardens and I was the second daughter of the family.
Your father was? My father was a blacksmith and I'm not sure, I think the man was just a housewife then.
And we lived there for a while and then I think just before the war finished, my father was a
moved from Raider to work at Winds, I'm not sure what it was, something to do with blacksmithing I would imagine.
And we were there for a while because my brother was born in an air raid in Newport itself. Oh, right.
And then the way he was, my father was working, it was bombed so we came back to Raider.
And I think eventually, I don't know, I don't remember where we were at. Just trying to figure it out.
Did you move back to Green Gardens? No, we moved back to a place called, I can't think of the name of it now.
It'll come. Whereabouts was it?
I'll just up the, what I call the Pounds Lane but I can't think of the name of the farm. It came to me just before you said something.
It's gone again now. Anyway, we shared a house there for a little while and then we came back to live in Raider in Penpole.
Opposite to the Contaider Arms pub then, you know, the alleyway up to, you know what I mean?
I do Church Street.
And then we lived there then until we were allocated the Moratie Green Gardens and that's where I stayed until I got married.
And then we got married in 1963, like myself. And then I think it was about, Mark was six months old when we came to live here.
And you've been here ever since? Yeah, he was born in 1965. And then three years later I had Richard and he was born in 1968.
And then I went, eventually went back to the chemist after Richard went to school before.
So if we go back a bit, you first started working at the chemists in 1955. And did you have an interview?
Well, no, actually in one respect, yes, but no in another because I worked for one year in Central Stores, which is now the spa.
She was owned by Gerald Morgan and his family. And I had worked there for a year.
And then my sister, who was already working in the chemists before me for one year, was going to teach a trade in college.
So T.C. Price very kindly asked her to ask me would I like the job?
Because he thought the work I was doing at Central Stores was too much for a young woman. So that's how I came to work in the chemists.
Right, okay. And Jill, your mum worked in the same chemist, didn't she?
Yes, she did. Not for very long, I don't think. Probably the very late 50s, going into the early 60s.
I know she left in 62, but she did have a few very happy years working part time, I believe it was, in the chemist shop.
Yes, but not for T.C. Price. It was for E.W. Price.
And what do you remember of Jill's mum?
I can't remember. I don't remember your mum that much. I mean, I remember her going, she was a W.I. member, wasn't she?
But I wasn't there, of course, because I was only a teenager then, wasn't I?
So not a time for me to get under the bridge since then.
So what stories do you remember your mum telling, Jill?
Well, I'll have to tell you. I'll start with a funny one anyway. No, perhaps I'd better start with a more serious one, haven't I?
I know she used to talk about the customers that came in and the sort of things they'd ask for.
And they'd seem to go off at a tangent sometimes, you know, not knowing quite what it was that they wanted.
I think they wanted the assistants there to sort out their problems, you know.
I'm sure a lot of that used to happen. And of course, these are in the days where you didn't sort of walk around and help yourself like a supermarket.
You actually went to the counter, didn't you?
And people used to come in with their problems. And I remember one lady, she was a single lady,
but she obviously thought she was in the family way, which of course was a bit hush hush in those days.
And she went up to my mother asking her if there was anything my mother could do or anything my mother could give her, you know, in these circumstances.
And of course, my poor mother, well, she wasn't in any position to do that sort of thing.
You know, that was a bit of a sad story.
Quite hard for her.
Then I remember something rather funny. There was a lady working there, who all the knew very well, called Jean Buffton.
And she had an amazing sense of humour. And one day a customer came into the chemist saying to Jean,
look, can you help me, please? I want something, a nice present for a nice little old lady.
Jean sort of looked at her and said, well, how about a little old man?
I thought that was a lovely story. I still tell that one.
And more for you. You've got a little black book there where something's written down in it, haven't you?
Oh, right, yes, we did, yes. We used to have a lot of fun about this. Do you want to read that one?
Yes, I'll read a few.
Oh, really, about myself, because I shouldn't say it ahead of time.
Right, it says here. This is myself now over. I went up to the cemetery last night collecting, but I didn't get an answer.
And what did some people come and ask for?
Because as Jill says, you didn't go and have a look on the shelf. You asked for certain kinds of hand cream.
That's right, different ones come and ask for different things. Four years one.
Somebody asked for scruples ammonia, and it should have been scrubbed ammonia. We still have that today, don't we?
We do.
Oh, and another one was somebody asked, could they have some J, Jews fluid? Should have been J's fluid.
J's fluid, yes, I remember that.
And you were saying just earlier, going through some of the changes that you saw in the shop,
you used to have to handwrite the labels for the medicines that were dispensed.
Yes, we did. Yes, that's quite interesting. You got writers crap doing that, but of course it wasn't as busy as it got eventually, you know, with the NHS.
And then we sort of progressed. And I think it was after T.C. Price retired, and even when E.W. retired, Mrs. Evans, that was another pharmacist who bought the chemists off E.W.
And she had already bought a chemist off him in Willish. Oh, right.
And like they followed one another really to Rairdham. She actually had retired.
But because her son was going to university, she felt she would have to go back to work to see him through university.
And then afterwards it didn't matter to much, she said, you know, but she was quite a character.
And I think she had everything under the sun in the chemist then, like, you know, entirely different to E.W. and T.C. Price.
And I can remember this is Kathleen Price now, the previous owner's wife.
She said to me one day, she said, it's like a woe, she said, it's not a chemist shop.
And she was quite sharp about that.
So when you first started working at the chemist, can you describe what the shop looked like inside?
It looked like it would go in through the front doors.
Well, yeah, well, there's a lot of.
At the back of the shop, at the back of the counter in the actual shop,
there were like all these drawers with all these labels on, like mothballs and, you know, varying things all in these little cupboards behind you.
And then there were shelves above with all these carboys and things, you know.
And I remember one day we had to dust the top shelves.
I can remember T.C. Price saying to me, Maverick, don't take the top off that ammonia because it'll take your head off.
You said if you must have, of course I did, didn't I?
Then you came down the ladder.
I love you.
Thanks, we don't.
Yeah. And do you remember the shop as it was like that?
Yes, I do. I remember cupboards full of jars of these very interesting looking medicines.
I remember that. And I remember there was like a little almost like an ante room which had baby food.
I remember the shelves behind shelves sort of thing.
And then there was one completely full room baby food.
I remember. And of course, then you had the other things on display, like nice perfumes and nice talcum powders and soaps.
And perhaps something for the little old lady is what that lady I think was really talking about.
Yes, and if I can just mention, my father had a very good friendship with Mr. T.C. Price.
And I remember being literally in the back behind the scenes trying on pairs of glasses with my father and Mr. Price.
Because he was an optometrist as well.
That's right, yeah.
And some of his younger family, you know, we'd get together and try on lipsticks, Dorothy Gray particularly.
We thought we were very, very sophisticated.
But all this was going on sort of behind the scenes as it were.
I don't remember, for instance, glasses or an awful lot of makeup actually on display.
Yeah, that's right.
Yes, I certainly remember it. And of course, the big difference being that you went up to the counter to...
And T.C. Price used to make concoctions for the farmers.
And he had a lovely, like, what do they call it?
A book that he kept them in, you know, he wrote the recipes in.
Beautiful handwriting he did.
But I don't know where that chronicle went.
It was certainly in the chemist's...
After Mrs. Evans left and then Mr. Ken Evans, he came.
No, Edward, sorry, not Evans, sorry. Mr. Edwards came.
And when they left, I think they took it with them.
You know, I've got a feeling that they loved it.
It was a shame because you shouldn't have been left really there.
And so that was for the animals?
Yes.
Well, I'll tell you what it is.
We used to sit out the back.
There was like a lean-to at the back and then one sat up like today sort of thing.
And we'd mix this concoction up in a big bucket.
And if the wind was in the right direction, we would take your breath away.
And it was what we called a green salve.
And I remember this one day, saying to Mr. Price, well, what exactly is that for?
Well, it's something they put on the little slabs when they were castrated.
I thought, poor little things.
Do you remember what was in it?
Oh, no. I can't remember now. That's so many years ago.
I mean, that stopped a long time ago.
But you have a memory of...
I do have a memory of the medicines that he used to make.
And there was a couple of things he'd make, which is supposedly to cure a cold.
I think they were like a general antidote, really.
One was pink and one was white.
And he claimed that one was vanilla and one was strawberry.
And if you took this, you'd be fixed up.
Well, the taste of these was so absolutely ghastly that the very thought of taking it instantly cured you.
I'm sure it was psychological.
But I'll never forget those.
And the very thought, you knew he was disappearing out the back to make these concoctions.
And I thought, oh, no, here we go.
Oh, gosh. Oh, for goodness sake.
Oh, look, a bottle.
One of the bottles out.
Those were the bottles.
Glass bottle and stopper and...
A jar.
There's some more there.
Was the green salve kept in that jar?
No, no, no. That was for other things.
I see.
There's no label on it.
There needs to be a label on it, but there's another small...
Oh, that's a label on that one.
No, there's not been a label.
Pil-hydra.
I don't know what that is.
I mean, that's a pass.
Jill, can you pass me the step up by you there?
The step, certainly.
Just chuck that on the floor.
And the glass bottle is labelled salt-tri-pan blue.
One gram with a squiggle there that I can't...
You need a promise.
Yes, we need a promise.
It's like they used to make up medicines, you know, didn't they?
Absolutely.
And notice telephone number 45.
Yeah, but it's... What is it now?
It's probably something similar.
810...
145, perhaps.
It's 445, isn't it?
810-445.
And I think it remains so now to this day.
Probably.
Oh, look, more bottles, I remember.
These are all bottles.
Yes, another with a TC Price label on it.
Raider.
A struggle is out here.
Oh, that's another lovely one.
Spirit of Cantha.
Well, the shape of these bottles, they're absolutely beautiful.
They are, aren't they?
They're ornamental in themselves now.
Can I have...
And a blue one.
Now, that one is denoting that that's poisonous, is that right?
Yes, that's right.
Because it's got...
Well, A, it's got a little bit of a...
Well, A, it's got not to be taken...
Blues and browns, you know.
Brown, especially, where the poisonous ones.
Mm-hmm.
And the ribbing on the bottles as well, that's...
I don't know if that was...
Yeah, just to show you the difference of the bottles.
I had thought that it was so that you didn't take it by accident at night.
Don't look at the dachshund.
So you could feel that it's got that thing on.
And you knew that you shouldn't take it.
Perhaps somebody...
Do you know, I haven't realised I had so many of these left.
Perhaps somebody with poor eyesight.
Mm-hmm.
They would rely on the tactile nature.
That's the dropper, look.
Yes, gosh, yes.
Eye drops or ear drops, so it could be iodine.
You can't buy iodine today, now, can you?
I've no idea, haven't tried.
Isn't it betadine that we take now, and it doesn't hurt as much?
Oh, I don't know.
But I remember iodine.
Ouch.
Yes, it was quite painful.
The manganate of potash my grandmother used as well.
Oh, yes, yeah.
There you go.
So going back to the chemist then, obviously there were quite a lot of changes over your time there.
We've talked a little bit about labels.
And technology changed quite a lot as well.
Or maybe, let's go back to...
When you first worked there, did Mr Price have a telephone?
Yes, yes he did.
I used to be really nervous of answering it.
But he made you do it, you know.
He used to say, you know, you'll get used to it, and you did.
And did people ring up to say that there'd been an emergency or an accident or something?
No, I don't remember much about that.
I don't think so.
I don't really, we used to deal with oxygen.
Being oxygen-cylinders.
And if somebody needed oxygen at home,
T.C. Price would connect it up and, you know, take it forward to get it delivered to them.
Did he have a delivery van?
No, no. T.C. Price didn't drive.
He and his wife used to cycle a lot.
They used to go cycling always on a Thursday afternoon up around the valley and something like that.
Taking photographs.
Yeah, so he's probably got a good collection.
So, yes, so to move on, after handwriting the labels,
technology has obviously progressed to computers.
Yes, that's right, yeah.
What do you remember of those coming in?
I don't remember.
That's the first time I had any dealing with a computer was with Mrs. Evans.
And she was the next pharmacist after E.W. Price.
And she said, we're going to have a computer over.
And I thought, oh, well.
So she said, hopefully we'll have all our patients down in the computer program
and, you know, we'll do the labeling from that.
And she's got it all sussed out now nicely and we're having a bit of a practice.
And I've got a few trial and errors, I think.
But she said this one day,
Mother, whatever you do, don't touch that button there.
But we're terrified because she said if you did, if you just did that,
it would take the whole system out.
Oh, gosh.
You know, it has to start again.
But, you know, eventually we got to your suite.
It did save a lot of work with the labeling.
Yes, yes.
And do you remember what it looked like?
Oh, a very small, very small little contraption to start.
But once I think it was we had it with Ken Edwards.
He was there. He had the computer.
That was all right.
But once he left and he sold his business to now the German company, which still Phoenix.
That's all you got.
I couldn't think of the name of it.
They still, and they're rolling the company, which I knew.
So and this one day, the traffic came in and he said, right, he said,
you've got two hours now, he said, we're going to put the new computer in and the system.
It was all attached to the phone and anything you want when you sort of doing your labels,
you can press a button and enter it and it would record it to order for the following day or whatever.
And that took quite a bit of getting used to.
But we managed.
At any rate, he said, right, Ducky, he said, we finished now.
He said, we're off.
I said, you said two hours.
They'd been there an hour.
And I said, oh dear.
But at any rate, we managed.
It was a lot of trial and error to start, but it was, you know, a really good system.
So until I left, I, you know, I quite enjoyed that, but I never want to see a computer after.
But then he says, we haven't got a computer.
And I said, no, sorry.
Was that after the shop had moved to the?
No, no, no.
I'm trying to think how long it is since they moved.
Where's my, that's my little book.
Trouble is I didn't put the date on it.
No.
And Jill, you say your mum wasn't there very long.
Do you remember any of the other ladies who worked in the shop?
Presumably it was all just ladies.
No, I only remember Pridwyn Morver and this Jean Buffton.
I do remember that, yes.
And Pridwyn was?
Pridwyn was Pridwyn Jones, I believe.
Yes, she was.
Living at the Nile.
Yes, right.
In the Nile bungalow, which has recently been demolished.
Married Amaris Price.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, Prid's sadly passed away.
So I reckon it must have been, I worked there, the last part of my work there was from 1972 to 2006 when I retired.
So I would say, how long was the house used?
I started coming here regularly, I think, in 2007.
And I'm fairly sure it was established in the old Hughes then.
It's either 2007 or 2008, isn't it? 2006, 2007.
Around that time, I would say.
Well, I think it's near 2006, perhaps.
But I can't absolutely be sure.
No, no, that's fine. Just out of curiosity, really.
Because do you know why they moved? Why they came out of this one?
I don't know. I think they didn't want to expand, actually.
A bigger premise, is that a thing?
Yes, because it was getting down.
Because there was Brighuie Home and Crossfield House, home here.
They were doing a lot of medication for the patients there.
And we were also doing what we call units of medication in lots.
You know, lots of breakfast, lunch, dinner, night time, that sort of thing.
And the tablets and things like that.
And we had to do that as well.
So it was quite a lot of work, really.
Not just counting the tablets, it was putting them in these containers,
sealing them down.
But it was quite interesting, you know, a lot of hard work.
You had to have them all ready for, you know, in weekly succession.
So it was quite good.
So after 30 years of working there, who were your colleagues,
who else was working there when you left?
I'm just trying to think. That was the last one I left with her.
That's the first, how shall I say, that's the first bus in that Rolandsted.
They refurbished where the health food place is now.
That's in the blue.
And then that's again in the green.
That's when I retired.
Well, at my...
Oh, I was trying to think.
Oh, this is the leaving party episode.
This is Catherine Joy, Dr. Joy's daughter.
Julia Smith.
Mike, my husband.
Mike, my husband, and Mr. R. Owens are the pharmacists.
And then I worked with Zoe.
She still works in the chemist now, you know, the one where we moved to.
But I think that must be...
That must be where the Rolandsted now is left, I think.
It looks like that back shelf, yes, next to the counter there, yes.
That would definitely be the...
Yeah, that says 16th of the 3rd, 2007.
Right.
And it was a red nose day.
So it's all my working life in chemists from January 1955 to July 1965,
then from 1972 to 2006, when I finally retired.
Worked for T.C. Price Pharmacists and Optician,
Mr. E.W. Price Pharmacists, Mrs. Muriel Evans Pharmacists,
Mr. Ken Edwards Pharmacists, all privately owned,
then sold to London to L. Rowland and Company Limited,
and later taken over by Phoenix Germany Company,
but still retained L. Rowland and Company Limited.
That's it.
Oh, and it says amongst the photographs are some of the girls I worked with.
Gina Golmer, Susan Saunders, Anne Cadwallader, Christine Drew,
Shirley Barrywater, Anne Phillips, to name those not in the photo album.
Right.
That's a lovely, lovely thing.
And the picture that you were given as a leaving present, what was that of?
That's what they call the old swan.
Can I have a look? Can I have a look at the one in the syndrome?
It's a lovely one. Oh, sorry.
No, it's all right. We'll have a look later.
There's that photograph. I was looking for it.
Oh, right, right.
It's right in the front of that. Sorry.
So, Myra Scott and Heather Jones, so that's your elder sister.
Yeah, that's right.
1954. Just does loads of stuff on the shelves.
Oh, yes. I think I remember it looking like that, yes.
That's a young girl.
And NHS, I noticed, so that would have been, well, obviously after 1947.
That's right.
That's when it was all...
Like all the, at the back of the counter as you walked in,
there was all these, as you say, like mahogany counters and that, wasn't it?
Oh, they were beautiful.
Yeah, it was lovely.
Or cabinets and counters. I do remember that, yes.
Yeah, with like elegant sort of brass handles.
Yeah.
Can I see the date on it?
That one's 1955.
That's me, that is. That's the year I started.
My father died in the January of that year.
And then I worked then from...
How did he die?
He died of cancer.
Oh, bless. Smoker?
Quite young, really. There we are.
Yeah. Yes. So, yes, it looks a fascinating shop.
Yeah, it was very...
And of course, we changed the uniform and everything over the years.
But mostly white. I like the white overall.
White you had to keep them clean or else you were in trouble.
I remember my mother in those white overalls.
Yes, you're quite right.
And one of the posters that you've got up in the shop is a castle cinema ballroom.
That's right, yeah. Well, that's where Lost Ark is down.
Yes, yes. So that's 1955. You're having a whist drive and a dance.
That's right. You just have lots of those.
And you just have St. Thomas Hall, didn't they?
Yes, I believe so, yes, which is sort of now the leisure centre.
So if I can just ask, did...
T.C. Price didn't mind sort of advertisements for local...
No, he didn't mind that. He didn't mind at all.
No, he was very good with that.
And, you know, over the years he belonged to the Red Chamber of Trade.
I think he and Richard Hughes' father and Mr. Harold Ryder,
I think they were all belonged to the Chamber of Trade.
Yes, very probable.
And I think it was finished before I...
Well, they were all business people in the town, weren't they?
That's right.
Yeah, so it did look quite different, much lighter.
Yes, that's right.
Much more space. Fascinating.
So what other changes in Raider have you seen over your lifetime here?
Oh, quite a lot, really.
We've lost a lot of shops, haven't we, over the years, sort of thing.
They seem to change all the time.
Almost every time I was coming back before I came to Livy permanently,
a shop would have changed hands, and it's happening still.
Yeah, that's right.
You know, something will close down and then something else will pop up.
Of course, it's the traffic, isn't it, that's really changed so much.
Yeah, but you know, how shall we say, we're in the North Street now, aren't we?
No, West Street, that's right.
Well, at the bottom end, you know where the Butcher's shop is now?
Bobby the Butcher's, as we call it, well, that's changed to another.
That used to be Walton's shop there, a television shop.
This used to sell, you know, all sorts of things there.
Then next door to that, I'm trying to think now, what was there?
I seem to remember, was there an ice cream shop there, near the Beehive,
and there was Dyboot and his...
Yeah, you've gone off a bit too far.
Am I going too far to the clock now?
There was a Mrs. Harris's, I think, in the shop where the Antiques shop is now.
And I'm trying to think who was in the shop.
Oh, I tell you, it was in the shop next, between the Butcher and the Antiques shop,
it was a Mrs. Mills with the wool shop.
But I remember buying wool from there, because I'm a right knitter.
Yes.
And then, I'm trying to think now, what else?
And there used to be a...
like a cafe.
Next door to Dyboot, years ago.
Was it the West End?
Yeah, that's right.
I remember that.
I seem to remember it was something to do with ice cream, on the West End.
And then, of course, it's always been...
where the kebab shop is now, used to be the men's department for Richard Hughes, wasn't it?
I believe it was.
And then the other half, the other part of the shop, the main big shop, was ladies' clothing, wasn't it?
It was, and it was the most amazing shaped shop.
Yes, yes.
It had like an arcades.
You went in one way around.
And the display windows seemed to be on an angle.
That's right.
And you walked in, and there was like an awning over them.
And again, a very, very old fashioned shop.
You'd expect the change to be humming on wires.
I don't know whether they did that at any stage.
And again, like you mentioned, everything was in little drawers.
Yeah, that's right.
Everything of drawer was pulled out, you know, cardigans, jumpers, etc.
That's right, yeah.
Yes, I do remember.
And where are we?
Then there's a lyre.
Then there was where the...
oh, what do you call it?
The real estate.
Community.
Oh, yes.
That was the post office, the Crown post office.
That's right.
That was lovely.
And I can remember, I can't remember the name of the people that got it from,
but they came there to run it.
And they'd got a dog, a boxer dog.
And Bart went to, I don't know whether he went to help sort out posts or what he was doing,
but this dog used to love polar mints.
Not Harvey Pugh, was it?
He was there at some stage, wasn't he?
Yeah, but that was a Crown post office.
Yeah, that's right, he was.
Yeah, that's right.
And then on the corner, where the estate agent is now,
which was the Air Ambulance shop for a while,
Val Evans and Inwill Evans, his mother, had a grocery shop and a sweet shop there.
I remember that, yes.
That's been many things on the corner.
And then where Holton's Fish and Chip shop is now,
Mrs. Evans also had a sweet shop there years ago,
before she moved to the corner.
I can remember that as a kid.
Yes, everybody moves, don't they?
Yeah, that's right.
They set up somewhere else.
Yes.
I can remember Dr. Poole used to live, had his surgery at home at Brinkoid,
by the car park, and they used to take maternity patients in, didn't they?
Yes, yes, several people.
Yes, we used to go there.
Well, we were actually four there, yes.
And they used to keep goats.
And if these goats got out, they'd chase you, you know.
And I can remember going down to the dark place,
we were terrified that these goats might be out.
And I remember this one day, this one was out.
When I took off down the road with him behind me,
and I dashed into Mrs. Evans's sweet shop, and they go after me.
Oh, I don't think that's an element of the chemist, but never mind.
Just memories of growing up.
It doesn't happen these days.
The name of the farm was Dolvea.
That's where we stayed, a little farmhouse.
So we shared the house with another family.
I can remember my mother, the other lady that lived there,
they used to cycle to town for milk, you know, every so often.
They'd take it in turns to do that.
So we certainly moved around.
Dolvea, did you say?
B-Y-R?
D-O-L.
F-I-R, I think it did.
Well, we look at it on the map anyway.
Dolvea, it is, yeah.
Down the Pound Lane, was it?
Yeah, you can go in from the main road and turn by...
Down towards Teylettice there.
That's right, yeah, you turn up the lane there.
We find it on the map.
I don't remember living there.
I was only a little kid, I expect.
What do you remember of school?
I can't remember a lot of it.
I know I went to Cuntighver School.
And the only thing I can really remember of Cuntighver School,
that on your birthday, whoever was in the class had a birthday
the same day as you.
You had to sit on a chair with them,
and there was a lantern down Cuntighver somewhere,
and he sat by my side, and I wasn't very pleased.
I don't know why.
There we are.
That's all I can remember about Cuntighver School.
Then I went to Reader School.
And I think I was taught by...
Mr. Price.
Miss Farmer.
And Mrs. Owen.
She used to live at Glance Earth, or she left,
she was at Glance Earth, but she was on Glyfran before that.
I can remember that.
I don't remember.
Oh, and Miss Farmer.
If you didn't bring your sewing to school,
which they did sewing in those days, you know, embroidery,
she'd make you down her brother's socks.
I'm quite a good downer, actually.
Oh, well.
And is that where you got interested in knitting?
No, I think my mother taught me to knit.
And I think I got...
Jennifer's a good bit younger than me, my younger sister.
I used to knit for our dresser dolls.
So that's how I came about it.
But I still do knit, you know.
I just finished a show now.
You are a wonderful knitter.
You know, I made a real mess up of that, because not mess up.
I was counting the amounts, I suppose I had 143 patterns on this show.
And I think I've done about 50 too many.
That's all I do.
I don't want to do that.
You've won so many prizes in shows and competitions, haven't you?
Absolutely wonderful.
Do you want to see the one I do?
In a minute.
Lovely.
So is there anything else that you can remember about the chemists?
Just try to think of them.
What did you say?
After you've gone, I've also been thinking all sorts of things.
You've jotted it down, haven't you?
Yeah, that's right.
Okay.
Well, thank you both very much.
It's been fascinating talking to you.
And I'm very, very grateful.
Have a lovely afternoon.
We certainly have.
Bye-bye.